If we had a beach, I'm sure I'd enjoy long walks there.
Hi Mayor, we think you're doing such a great job running the show!
The Mayor sure knows the value of upgrading roads.
Life's good, I'm saving up money to buy a bigger house!
Mayor has built an awesome new road! It uses magnetic levitation!
Maglev is the future of roads!
I've got a great view of those hunky firemen!
Romantic Parisian homes would sure give this city a French revolution!
Plant a tree: It's good for you.
This high-tech police station sure takes a byte out of crime.
Wait, who are you? If we ever had an election... I'd vote for you.
The Monster has retreated!
I could look at the Washington Monument every day... And I do!
All the best accents come from London Town.
I'd love for this city to have winter sports available on the mountainside.
I love to meet new people.
I've got Simoleons to spend! Off to the store!
Our city is the coolest! I think. Do you agree?
Hey, a visiting Mayor! Things are super-awesome. Really, couldn't be better.
Hey, it's my favorite visiting mayor! Good to see you, Mayor.
Llamas? Who gives a hoot about llamas? It's all about goats now.
How do you like our city, Mayor?
We should have a London Town district. It would be so exciting... and rainy, I presume.
I love to meet new people.
Awesome! We have a visitor in the city!
The whole city should be built next to Magleve Roads!
Kids, I don't care who started it! Mayor, we need parks for children to play in!
Do your part! Build more parks!
Hey there! Wanna go for a swim with me?
Who are you? Do we know each other?
Nice to meet you! We could use a better Mayor for this town.
Hey, a visiting Mayor! Things are super-awesome. Really, couldn't be better.
I'd like living here more if there was a park to visit.
As the light goes dim and the world goes silent let your eyes and body take some rest.
Looks like the traffic is piling up!
Living here is going to be fun!
We are very happy to have you here as our guest of honor!
Our Mayor doesn't care! Could you be our Mayor, please?
Hello visitor! It's a nice day to be at the park!
It's a big day for this city. We have a visiting Mayor here! Hurrah!
New city, new life, let's do this!
I'm so stressed, but there's no park to walk it off!
Sims are moving out!
Hi! Thanks for visiting our city.
Doesn't our own Mayor want to live here?
Hello! Please enjoy your visit.
If only I won the lottery... but oh well... another day at work...
That Mayor of ours seems pretty cool. For a mayor.
Our Hospital is the gold standard for advanced medical procedures!
What is my dream? To spend time in a cute cottage on the mountainside.
Mommy! I pottied on my own! Oops, we have a visitor...
We have such wonderful sunsets here!
I'm glad the town's growing again!
Streetcars make me feel so warm and fuzzy inside.
If there were beach activities built nearby, that would be my fanta-sea.
Such a sunny day. Then again, every day is beautiful!
What does E=? I'll never know!
Those teens are so well-behaved! At least when they're being watched.
Work is dull, but at least I make a paycheck!
Our Mayor is basically a rockstar. I'm going to start a fan club!
We're moving out of here! Are there nice homes available in your city, Mayor?
Our Mayor's impressive mansion reflects how awesome they are!
The biggest celebrity in our city is the Mayor and I live next to them!
If you are what you eat, do I want to be a donut or a cheese Danish today?
What a clear, crisp day! Perfect for a trip to the mountains!
How many Sims does it take to change a light bulb?
I would mow the lawn, but it might upset the gnomes.
Welcome! Have we met before?
I wish there were more parks!
You should be proud of this city, Mayor! You know what it took to build this place!
I feel like a new Sim! Back to work!
Please, sit down and let me cook something for you!
Finally, I see garbage trucks!
I think I have a crush on our Mayor.
I wonder, could we have Parisian quarters? It would be so romantic.
With streetcars, getting from A toB is so much easier now!
Trees? Tear them down! Tear them all down! Make room for the machines!
Three cheers for the Mayor!
Wow! That's a really Epic Building!
There are two types of people in this world... shoppersand workers... which one are you?
If we ever had an election... Please come back!
Good night and sweet dreams!
What if we're all just little simulated people in someone's computer... nah!
Man, no parks to hang out in. Guess I'll go steal or do something worse, like litter!
You are a better Mayor than the one in charge of our city.
Better get off to my job now!
Ski vacations always go downhill.
As a lawyer, I'll need a good suit. Couldn't we all use a good law suit?
Mayor, if you'd build OMEGA homes and upgrade this road we'd get a Maglev Road.
I knew it, Mayor, I knew it!
Today is the day I get a promotion!
The beach is calling, Mayor! Water you waiting for?
Mayor, the whole city is proud of you. Proud, like... an eagle. Definitely not a peacock. Definitely not.
Honey, I'm home!
The glass is almost certainly not half empty. That's scientifically proven.
My son lives in a neighboring region. I'm making my home here to be close to family!
Hi! Let me show you some of our beautiful nature!
This city is bigger than ever!
Mommy says I can't go on a slide because the Mayor hasn't built enough parks!
So warm and cozy, I'm never going outside again!
Do we ever get a weekend?
Do you think the lawn gnomes come alive at night?
How much is the fish, sir?
Simoleons are the lifeblood of a well-run city.
The life of a Sim is not an easy one, but we get along. Right?
I could really use some bubble gum right now.
Mmm... morning coffee.
I used to sleep, but then I had kids.
Mayor, time to seas the day and build on the beach!
